Oh man!
Setting off in the middle of the night is pretty exciting!
Oh, right. You guys were late last time.
Being an idiot must be nice.
You can fall asleep anywhere.
What'd you say?!
Anyway, we plan on getting there around dawn again.
Ukai and I will take turns driving.
Sorry if I nod off.
We're counting on you, sir!
Sir!
It's the middle of the night, so not so loud.
Oh, sorry. It's a habit.
Do you guys have everything?
Make sure you double-check.
Hinata and Kageyama haven't really talked to each other lately. I wonder if they'll be okay.
I wonder if I can.
All right, Ryuu!
All right, we're heading out.
Let's show 'em what we're made of!
Hell yeah, Noya! Let's do this!
Just shut up and get on the damn bus.
I keep running as I run out of breath
With dreams on my mind and a fire in my belly
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
I feel like I'll be left behind in this world
If I come to a standstill
People ask me why I find joy in this
But I don't understand it myself
Running is the only thing on my mind
Even if nothing goes right in the future
I won't stop trying to find the best version of myself
Even if someone tells me that this is as far as I go
And draws the line on me
I'll say no, thank you, and surge on ahead
So what?
Whatever the future may bring
However people are supposed to act
So what?
It doesn't really matter
So I'm a believer
Hey, hey! Where's the Skytree?
Episode Seven:
Moonrise
Huh? The Skytree?
Oh! Is that Tokyo Tower?!
Huh?
That's just a normal transmission tower.
What the hell? Are there no transmission towers in Miyagi?
Actually, I'm getting some déjà vu here.
To those out in the countryside,
all steel towers in Tokyo look like Tokyo Tower!
That's a bit insulting.
Also, we're in Saitama.
So that's not Tokyo Tower?
We're playing at a different school than last time, huh?
Apparently, all the summer training camps are held at Shinzen.
It's nice and cool here.
There are tons of bugs, though.
Hinata!
Have you grown any taller?!
Shut up, Lev.
That's how you greet me?
Also, no one grows in just two weeks!
I grew two millimeters.
All right.
We're gonna switch out people constantly this time around, so be prepared.
Yes, sir!
Karasuno               Fukurodani
Our goal is zero penalties!
Noya!
Yeah!
Nice receive!
A chance for a fast attack!
That weird fast attack is incoming!
Leave it there, leave it there,
leave it there!
It was too short!
What the heck? That wasn't like you at all.
I'm sorry.
Damn it.
It feels different when I'm in an actual match.
All right, give us another good serve!
Surprised?
I'm sure you've realized it.
Kageyama's set is completely different now.
Got it!
This time, it went too far.
His left hand?!
He immediately tried to save it with his left hand!
Nice, Hinata!
He used to fret so much when the timing was off!
Nice, Shouyou!
The set dropped again.
He's...
...different than before.
Don't let it get to you!
We couldn't do much about that one!
We'll get the next one!
Hinata and Kageyama
Fukurodani                                 Karasuno
aren't the only ones who've changed.
It's out!
Azumane looks so intense when he clicks his tongue like that.
That's fine! Keep it up!
Indeed, this is truly delightful!
This is ever so delightfully...
not in sync at all.
Did Karasuno just try to do a synchronized attack?
Sorry!
Sorry! Cover it!
Leave it to me!
Jumping off from the back zone?
Is the libero doing a jumping set?
I jumped too far!
Hey, what's up with you guys today?
Are you all right?
Dammit!
Karasuno               Fukurodani
I wonder what happened to Karasuno.
Maybe they're in some kind of rut.
I'd say it's the opposite.
Because they're crows, they're omnivorous.
Whether it be deep in the mountains
or in the middle of Kabukicho,
they eat anything edible
and take advantage of those stronger than them to survive.
It looks like they're in the middle
of evolving at an incredible speed.
Nice receive!
Left! Left!
Bokuto!
Yes!
Though it seems there might be one exception.
Karasuno               Fukurodani
Thank you!
The penalty for this camp is apparently something you only see at Shinzen.
A refreshing sprint up the hill
behind the school to the forest!
All right.
Ready...
Go!
Here.
Thanks.
Sugawara, here.
Give us a good serve!
Shinzen and Ubugawa are still playing their first set?
Yeah.
Whoa! That serve is really something!
Left!
Whoa, he got totally shut out!
Serve and block.
Break up the opponent with the serve, figure out where they're going to attack, and then take 'em out with a block.
That's the most ideal way to score, second only to a service ace.
Serve and block...
Damn you and your pouty lips.
Broccoli...
Quit it. You're being disrespectful to food.
What?!
We were utterly destroyed.
It's actually sort of refreshing.
I haven't done that many sprints since Coach Ukai was around.
Let's go borrow Mr. Ukai's tablet and
review videos of synchronized attacks.
All right.
Sure thing.
I'm gonna go practice serving.
I still need a lot of work.
Serving! I'll practice some too.
Oh, Tsukki!
I'm gonna go hit some serves. Want to—
I'm gonna go take a bath and go to bed.
I see.
Um...
What?
I was just wondering if you were gonna practice anything on your own...
We practice more than enough already.
Practicing as hard as you can isn't always a good idea, you know.
R-Right...
You're right, but...
Hey, dude from Karasuno! Wait up!
You with the glasses!
Can you block some balls for us?
Oh, actually, I'm done for the night.
If you'll excuse me.
What?!
It's meaningless to practice spiking without blockers.
I'm begging you!
Why does it have to be me?
Why not someone from Fukurodani?
Bokuto's spike practice is endless,
so they all hurry up and leave to escape from it.
And I'm busy training this guy over here.
I'll block for him! C'mon!
Shut up!
If you want to stay on the roster,
you need to actually be able to receive the ball!
He may not look it,
but this guy's one of the top five spikers in the country, so I think he'd be good practice for you.
So he somehow didn't make it into the top three, huh?
Shake it off, buddy.
Don't build me up just to knock me down!
Besides, couldn't you use a bit more practice blocking, seeing as you're a middle blocker and all?
First Gymnasium
Our fast attacks were a mess today.
We need to practice.
If we don't manage to make this somewhat useful by next month, we'll be in trouble.
Oh, do you guys want to practice your fast attack?
Balls? Want some balls?
Why is she making it sound like she's offering us a drink?
I-If you'd please!
Please.
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
One more!
A straight spike!
He's so smart and calm!
But...
Yes!
You know you just beat a single blocker, right?
Stop raining on my parade!
Well, how about two, then?
Bring it on!
Is he dead?
Here we go!
Four-eyes, make sure you to watch for that straight spike!
Yay!
Dammit!
Specky, you're good at anticipating my moves,
but your blocks are pretty weak.
I get worried that I might break your arm in two or something.
You gotta rush in and stop the ball. Rush in!
I'm still a growing boy!
I have a ways to go in both strength and height.
If you take it too easy, Shorty will steal the spotlight.
You play the same position, right?
Huh?
I don't think I can do anything about that.
He's clearly far more talented than I am.
Oh!
Are you practicing spikes again?!
Want me to block?! Do ya?!
Hey, Lev! Stop rolling around on the ground! Practice receiving!
Ugh! Yaku!
Don't "ugh" me!
Get up already. You had a long enough rest.
Well, it looks like I'll be in the way, so if you'll excuse me.
Yeah, I'm totally set to go for some blocking practice!
Hey!
Looks like you hit on a sensitive subject, Kuroo.
Oh? Then let's see what you've got.
You pissed him off.
You're not living up to your reputation as a master of provocation, Kuroo.
Who could've imagined that, though?
Imagined what?
Unknown
Karasuno's Shorty is definitely strange and a threat,
but in terms of technique and experience, he's like a baby bird.
Plus he's really short.
Four-eyes is that tall and has those brains, and yet...
He looks at Shorty not as an equal but
as someone that he's no match against.
Shit, I left my pads behind.
First Gymnasium
One more! One more!
Wasn't the timing a bit too early there?
You think so?
Then for the next one, I'll delay it by one tempo.
Here we go!
Sorry. One more.
This is just a high school club.
Right.
Let's go!
Why do you try so hard?
Trying that hard...
only makes it hurt more.
Cafeteria
Hey, Tsukishima.
Eat up! Or you're not gonna last!
Well, at least your stomach is big, Nishinoya.
What was that?!
You cheeky brat! Your true self will pay!
Here.
Th-Thank you!
Hey! Stop!
Hey, Daichi's gonna get mad!
You're gonna break them!
Karasuno                  Nekoma
Go!
Here you go, Hinata.
Thanks!
Everyone!
The parents from Shinzen High gave us some watermelons!
Whoa! That's awesome, Lev!
Can I get one more?
Sure.
Thanks.
Huh? You only wanted one slice, Tsukishima?
Yeah. Thanks for the food.
I ate way too much once and got a stomachache.
I have to apologize.
For what?
I think I might've pissed off Four-eyes a bit yesterday.
What?
Wow, I'm a bit surprised Tsukishima actually
helped out with your practice, regardless of why.
Hinata, you suck.
So, what did you say to him?
I provoked him, saying that he'd lose out to Shorty.
Yeah, he does have a bit of an inferiority complex when it comes to Hinata...
Rocking the house is Hinata's job.
My job is to hold down the fort as much as possible while he's in the back row.
It's no different from the norm.
I'm not sure if this is relevant,
but my sister told me something.
By the way...
Huh?
A name I heard at the training camp caught my attention.
Is there someone named Tsukishima on your team?
Yeah.
He wears glasses and is a pompous little brat.
Do you know if he has an older brother?
Huh?
Like I'd know.
He doesn't really talk about himself.
When I went to Karasuno...
When the boys' volleyball team
was at their strongest, you know?
You mean when the Little Giant went?
Right. Back then, I think there was a tall guy named Tsukishima on the volleyball team.
Huh?
Tsukishima has an older brother?
Oh, I'm not sure about that.
Maybe it's just someone who happens to have the same last name.
Hey, we're about to start!
Okay, let's go.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry. One sec.
Karasuno                  Nekoma
Go!
This is rough...
I can still do at least ten more!
How about we win instead?!
Yamaguchi, your serves look a lot better compared to before.
Th-Thank you very much.
I have to improve my success rate.
Doesn't it bother you, Azumane?
Doesn't what?
The feeling that someone with immense talent is creeping up behind you.
Well, I definitely can't relax at all.
I'm sure Hinata is still focused on becoming the ace.
Probably so.
Maybe that's why he said what we were doing wasn't working.
But it seems like him saying that got all of us fired up too.
If you're not careful, he might get too focused and end up biting you again.
Oh, you mean when we collided when going for a spike.
We're in the same boat.
Our positions kind of make Hinata our rival,
so we probably notice more than everyone else how much he's grown from the baby bird he used to be.
I don't plan on losing to him, though.
Left! Left!
All right!
Karasuno                         Ubugawa
Why'd you just give up?!
Even if you're a decoy, you need to jump!
Aren't you observant?
Sorry, dude.
Tsukishima, it's your serve next.
What do you think of Tsukishima?
Right.
I think he's taking this seriously. Why do you ask?
Give us a good one!
I feel like Tsukishima is fine with just getting a passing grade.
He never tries to get a perfect score.
It's coming left! Left!
I'm not asking for him to become more passionate,
Cover it!
Number four!
but if he not going to give his all,
I'm gonna have to switch up the starters.
Nice receive!
Center!
Left!
I need players who can win.
He's valuable as the tallest member of the team.
All right!
If he could become the cornerstone of our blocking, our defense would improve considerably.
I see.
Cover it!
Karasuno                 Ubugawa
Leave it to me!
Got it!
Sorry!
My bad!
Everyone's really giving it their all.
They're all more motivated than they've ever been,
but sometimes it can get a bit scary.
Collisions like that one before could lead to huge injuries.
It's coming on the left! Number one!
I'm counting on you, Asahi!
It's a bit short.
It's my ball!
Better than expected.
Whether you're on the same team or not,
the tension you feel as rivals is essential for growth.
Nice spike, Asahi!
That was awesome!
Thanks.
However, if the team became lawless, everything would be for naught.
Karasuno's ace managed to hold them together.
Looks like I didn't need to worry.
Are you all right, Tsukki?
You can go on ahead.
I'm fine.
Okay.
I'll be going, then.
Time for personal practice!
Another day of total and utter defeat.
He's as standoffish as usual.
Tsukishima?
Yeah.
I feel like he could, you know...
do all sorts of things if he actually tried.
All sorts of things?
You know... all sorts.
He's not living up to his 188-cm potential!
Hey, Specky.
Wanna come help us with spike practice again?
Sorry, but I'll pass.
Oh, really?
Kuroo.
Dammit...
I haven't even said anything yet!
Why? Also, you know Fukurodani's ace?
I don't.
Why would you decline?! That's such a waste!
So annoying.
Unlike you, I don't have endless stamina.
What the heck?!
What's his problem?
Fukurodani's ace went out of his way to invite him to practice, but he declined!
That's unbelievable!
You know, Hinata...
What would you say to him right now?
Huh?
Like what you said to Kageyama and Yachi.
I wouldn't say anything.
Because I don't know if Tsukishima wants to play volleyball or not.
Trying to motivate someone who doesn't care doesn't do anything.
Dammit! And he's so tall too!
If I was that tall, I'd do all kinds of things!
I don't...
I don't think he hates volleyball.
If he did, he wouldn't have come to Karasuno.
What about you, Yamaguchi?
What would you say to Tsukishima?
We climb the mountain in our way
Losing more than just time in the process
Tasting freedom makes us want to fly
And notice the feelings welling up inside
It's almost in our reach
The closer we get, the more it shines
And stretches out in front of our eyes
That panorama created just for us
Until I reach the top and come back down, my lungs will keep breathing
But now I've been possessed by the desire to climb that summit once again
We cast aside all our doubt and set flight to the skies
Our flailing hands reach out and grab hold of the moment
That special moment
Come to us climbers
Come to us right now
Lev, teach me how to spit watermelon seeds really far!
First, curl up your mouth like a blowgun.
The angle you're gonna spit at is 45 degrees.
I see!
And then bend your body as if it were a whip...
I accidentally swallowed them!
Episode Eight:
Illusionary Hero
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"Illusionary Hero."